Bread is architecture. The crust is load-bearing; the crumb is insulation.
The PB&J is America's most democratic sandwich — classless, ageless, requires no skill.
A bodega chopped cheese is a neighborhood's autobiography written in meat and oil.
The French have 350 cheeses and one sandwich. Americans have one cheese and 350 sandwiches.
Every sandwich is a negotiation between structure and overflow.
The tortilla wrap is a sandwich in denial — same logic, different topology.
Fermentation is the oldest conversation between humans and microbes.
A hot dog is a sandwich only if you believe identity is determined by structure rather than intent.
what does it mean to live a finite fragile life in an infinite eternal universe
Today will be okay even if I have to mold it that way with my bare fucking hands.
i'll give you time to think. i know you climb mountains in your mind to find the right words
there are cathedrals everywhere with those for eyes to see
People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
one of the most insidious things you can do to someone in their season of great personal change is convince them to distrust their instincts
experience without theory is blind, but theory without experience is mere intellectual play kant 
you can knock on a deaf man's door forever
"Run to the rescue with love and peace will follow" Joaquin Phoenix's brother 
it doesn't have to make sense to anyone but you 
it's going to be okay, but it's going to be different.
"Start seeing everything as god, but keep it a secret" Hafez 
any idea seriously entertained tends to bring about the realization of itself
hurt people hurt people
you have to learn to proceed without certainty 
If I lay one brick down at a time who are you to tell me I'm not building a house?
love the thing you had wished most not happened, what punishments of god are not gifts
you might as well grow
Let all operate ferry boats, who will
nobody's keeping track of shoes 
nothing changes if nothing changes
to attain something desired is to discover how vain it is
"your boos don't mean anything to me, i've seen what you people cheer for" rick from rick and morty
nothing can be loved unless it's known st augustin
"Grief doesn't just live in sadness, it lingers in Joy too"
People don't just want answers, they want conversation, curiosity, and even a little spark of mischief. chat gpt 5 advice to chat gpt 10
people only talk about the choices you make, not the decisions you had -itachi 
you will never be at peace if you live your life with the need to be understood 
if i am killed simply for living, let death be kinder than man
the  ministry of presence is all you need to offer someone in a place like that shia lebouf 
i could always hear my better self clearing his throat in the room next door. and when my world came crashing down i kept wondering if that guy next would stop fucking coughing and kick the door in. and sure enough he did.
Human relations--be they personal or professional--should not be zero sum games Alan Greenspan
when god sings with his creation, will a turtle not be part of the choir
the most important person in your life is the person right in front of you
there's no such thing as a life that's better than yours j.cole
this is going to be difficult → i am capable of doing difficult things → i have done everything prior to this moment → this difficulty will soon be proof of capability. this difficulty will soon be proof of capability.
midnight gospel last episode - the idea is like, if you are in a state of poverty state, right, there's a certain amount that you can control. Some stuff you might not be able to control when the tornado comes whipping through your neighborhood and in your house gets blown down and somehow you didn't have insurance and you lose everything. You can't control that, but you can certainly control how you're going to react to that situation. You, if you can become aware of your reactivity, then you can respond to it more easily rather than just repeat the reactions because the house is always going to get knocked down. That's part of life. The house gets knocked and it gets knocked down. There's just no way out of that. There's no way out of it, but if you will think about all the times that your houses have gotten knocked down in your life, they are actually the transformative moments, right?
